Document terminal column selection (#8564)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/terminal/basics.md

* `selectWord` - Select the word under the cursor and show the context menu.
* `nothing` - Do nothing and pass event to terminal.

### Column selection

> `kbstyle(Alt)` and left-click drag allows selecting a rectangle of text inside the terminal instead of te regular selection of a line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press `kbstyle(Alt)` and left-click drag to select a rectangle of text inside the terminal instead of the regular selection of a line.
```
